---
title: Simform
body_class: work
excerpt: I worked on different Digital marketing campaigns that includes SEO, Content marketing, Social media promotions, and Account-based marketing.
highlightjs: true
year: 2017 - present
---

I joined Simform in October 2017 as an inbound marketing executive. I worked under my team lead to execute content marketing and SEO campaigns for different technology verticals. To put it succinctly, I worked on content, SEO, link-building, and online reputation management. 

Additionaly, I spearheaded a location-based website and generated leads through SEO and content marketing tactics.  After a few years, in 2020, I got promoted as Campaign Manager. As a part of my work, I implemented complete end-to-end Digital marketing funnels that include SEO, Content-marketing, Facebook/ Linkedin marketing, and Account-based marketing. 

---

## My work description at Simform as Sr. Campaign Manager

Responsible for conceptualizing, execution, tracking, and reporting of digital marketing campaigns.

Duties include :
..............................................................................................................................................................................

* Anticipate competitors strengths, weaknesses, opportunities and accordingly create scalable funnels to increase traffic and identify key conversion points in marketing funnels
* Supporting all aspects of the planning and management of digital marketing
campaigns through a range of channels like SEO, Content, Social media, Programmatic Display advertising
* Assist and collaborate with team with account-based marketing planning and execution aligned to sales conversion
* Collaborate with content, SEO operations, and design team to deliver collateral/brochures, web content, emails, landing pages, videos, and other assets that drive customer engagement
* Create, manage and execute marketing automated campaigns using a marketing automation platform like Hubspot, Active Campaign, user.com, etc.

## My work experience at Simform as Inbound Marketing Executive

Responsible for executing Inbound marketing activities like SEO, Content-marketing, which involves competitor research, planning, execution, and reporting.

Duties include:
...........................................................................................................................................................................................

* Develop overall strategy & location-specific SEO campaigns aimed at building brand awareness, growing organic traffic, increasing engagement, and generate organic leads for a location-specific microsite
* Develop, Manage, and Track Digital marketing campaigns for three technology verticals
*Prepare and present reports on the marketing campaign's overall performance
* Carry out various link-building activities to improve the backlink profile and get visibility on the other high authority publications.
* Handle SEO and content generation for landing pages and case-studies
* Implement user-enrich CTAs and popups to capture the relevant prospects and prepared intent-driven content like Ebooks, Case-studies, blogs, Infographics to help nurture these prospects
* Worked closely with CMO and marketing manager to help optimize the customer-focused funnels and find out gaps and strategies to improvise the existing funnels